Honey, if you want to go, go
It was your home too
What are you talking about?
I'm doing well at Nangong's house
Oh.
Then how do you drug me with a cotton swab?
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Does it hurt?
My hand doesn't hurt, it hurts to see you like this.
Mom, why are you laughing at me?
Nian Nian Ma thinks you should go back once
After all, this is also your mother
I finally stayed for you
Mom, what do you mean?
It is said that
When you disappeared
Your father's mistress came to challenge you
Forcing your mother to step aside
What about your mother?
I was worried about your business
After such a mess, it is physically and mentally exhausted
After making a will to transfer all the shares to you
Just give it back
After this incident?
Mr. Joe
I don't like your father
I didn't hand over the power of Qiao's to him
Just thinking about finding you
Hand over the power of Joe to you
Mom?